Point 1: While the work seems carefully done and is quite thorough, what was
really achieved in the end is nothing really new or non-trivial.

Response: We believe that the following results are new and interesting 
additions to the knowledge of multichannel Kondo physics that are obtained 
from our work:

a. importance of the role of degeneracy and quantum-mechanical frustration 
in shaping the infrared physics of the MCK, specifically in the absence of any 
Fermi liquid component and the emergence of non-Fermi liquid behaviour, the 
thermodynamic properties, the orthogonality catastrophe, the breakdown of 
screening and in the strong-weak duality,

b. derivation of a marginal Fermi liquid effective Hamiltonian for the 
non-Fermi liquid fixed point, hence revealing the microscopic source of the 
non-Fermi liquid behaviour in the overscreened regime,

c. the presence of a spin Mott liquid in the effective interactions among the 
conduction electrons, 

d. demonstration of the orthogonality catastrophe in the ground state through 
entanglement measures.

The observation of the Mott liquid is particularly significant because it 
highlights a common themethat pervades much of fermionic quantum matter - the 
role of zero modes in determining the infrared physics. This can be seen, for 
instance, in the emergence of a Mott liquid from the 2D Hubbard model as seen 
from a URG analysis [8, 9, 4] and a Cooper pair insulator from the reduced 2D
BCS Hamiltonian [6]. Importantly, we have also corroborated several of our 
analytic and numerical results with those that exist in the literature.

Point 2: Despite the motivation from a complex RG scheme, the authors simply
investigate in the end the zero bandwidth 2-channel Kondo model (2CKM), 
which is the simple problem of a spin coupled to two fermions. This
is already contained in the seminal paper of Nozières and Blandin in
1981. The authors claim this gives perspectives on the 2CKM fixed
point, but on the contrary, the argument of Nozières and Blandin is to
show that this zero-bandwidth fixed point is unstable, hence a
non-trivial interacting state should arise.

Response: First, we point out that we have studied much more than simply 
the zero-bandwidth model for the 2CKM. We have already stated in response to 
Point 1 above the important questions that we have answered for 
the MCK problem and which are beyond the purview of a zero-bandwidth model.

Second, we comment on the validity of our study of the zero-bandwidth 
model at the \textbf{intermediate coupling fixed point (ICFP)} of the MCK 
problem. Nozieres and Blandin indeed present an argument for why the 
zero-bandwidth model at the \textbf{strong coupling fixed point ($J=\infty$)} 
is unstable due to the existence of non-trivial RG relevant quantum 
fluctuations. The resulting RG flow of the Kondo coupling $J$ to 
the ICFP resolves these quantum fluctuations. The RG stability of the 
Kondo coupling $J$ at the ICFP then allows for a renormalised perturbation 
theory approach to studying the fixed point Hamiltonian. Specifically, the 
zero-bandwidth model can be safely extracted (in the RG sense) as the zeroth 
approximation of a renormalised perturbation theory in the ratio of 
the conduction bath hopping amplitude ($t$) to $J$. A study of the 
zero-bandwidth model at the ICFP offers, in turn, new perspectives 
into the problem, e.g., the ground state degeneracy and it's relation 
to the breakdown of exact screening etc. In response to the next point, we 
comment below on our ability to capture the critical corrections to this zeroth 
approximation.

Point 3: While this study could have some pedagogical value per se, it is 
often unnecessarily technical, and some statements are clearly incorrect.
For instance, the authors failed to see that the 1/T susceptibility is
a trivial feature of the zero-bandwidth toy-model, while the true 2CKM
fixed point has critical corrections. I don't think these can be so
easily captured by the expansion they propose.

Response: As has been shown in considerable detail in Section IV A of the 
main manuscript and Section III of the supplementary materials, we have 
extracted analytically the effective theory for the low-lying excitations 
above the degenerate ground states of the zero-bandwidth model by carrying 
out a careful renormalised pertubation theory in $t/J$ for both the 2CK and 
3CK problems. We have demonstrated the non-Fermi liquid nature of these 
excitations, and also confirmed their critical nature by the computation of 
some thermodynamic quantities in Section IIIB for the 2CK. Indeed, we have 
obtained the well-known logarithmic dependence of the specific heat and 
susceptibility on temperature from our calculations. Again, this further 
validates our approach.

